Document Scala 3 Spec provide methods (#9817)
zio/zio: docs/reference/test/sharing-layers-within-the-same-file.md

title: "Sharing Layers within the Same File"
---

> The `Spec` data type has a very nice mechanism to share layers within all tests in a suite. So instead of acquiring and releasing dependencies for each test, we can share the layer within all tests. The test framework acquires that layer for once and shares that between all tests. When the execution of all tests is finished, that layer will be released. To share layers between multiple specs we can use one of the provide methods ending with `Shared`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Spec` data type has a mechanism to share layers within all tests in a suite. Instead of acquiring and releasing dependencies for each test, we can share the layer within all tests of a given suite. The suite acquires that layer for once and shares that between all tests. When the execution of all tests in that suite is finished, the layer will be released. To share layers between multiple specs we can use one of the provide methods ending with `Shared`:
```

- `provideShared`
- `provideCustomShared`
- `provideSomeShared`

> - `provideSomeSharedAuto` (only Scala 3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
